All right! We had our feet wet with a
Spring Boot Application mini website. Now
in this section of the course, we are
gonna get to the absolute core of the
Spring Framework. This is really where
Spring shines. We're going to talk about
Dependency Injection, the Inversion of
Control container, a lot of best
practices through Object-Oriented
Programming. Spring, like any other
language out there, you can write good
Spring and bad Spring, so kind of what
we're gonna do here is talk about
some best practices in Object-Oriented
Programming and really how that
dovetails with the Spring Framework. As
far as Dependency Injection and the best
practices of Dependency Injection, the
Spring Framework does support a number
of different techniques for doing
Dependency Injection. You have a lot of
tools in that tool bag. It's a very mature
robust framework but you might not want
always use those tools, and we're
gonna explain the tools that you do have
available in that tool bag for
Dependency Injection because you can do
a lot of great stuff with dependency
injection. Like I said, it is the
cornerstone of Spring Framework. You
absolutely need to understand Dependency
Injection and Inversion Control. If you do
not, I mean that this like
blocking and tackling in football, the
swing in golf. If you don't like get
these fundamental stuff down, you're
gonna really struggle with as we go
out throughout the course because
everything Spring, Spring Framework 5,
Spring Boot, Spring Integration, Spring
Security, all the whole circle of world
of Spring projects really depend on the
stuff that we're teaching in this module,
and that's right around Dependency
Injection. By the time you get to the end
of this, you are gonna feel very comfortable
with Dependency Injection, you will
understand what Inversion of Control is
and be comfortable using that, and in
this section of the course, we
are gonna start further developing
the Pet Clinic Application so we have
some lessons on that. Just start flushing
that application out. So some neat stuff
coming up on Pet Clinic and Dependency
Injection.